Documentation bug fixing (#87)
OpenFunction/samples: Prerequisites.md

   strimzi-cluster-operator-687fdd6f77-cwmgm         1/1     Running       0          11m
   ```

>    Run the following command to create the utils pod and enter this pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run the following command to create a utils pod and use it to access services inside the cluster.
```

   ```shell
   $ kubectl run --rm utils -it --image arunvelsriram/utils bash

>    $ kubectl exec -ti utils -n default -- /bin/sh

Reviewer: `kubectl exec -ti utils -n default -- /bin/sh` is not necessary, because `kubectl run --rm utils -it --image arunvelsriram/utils bash` already launched and entered the utils pod

   ```
   

>    Run the following command to view the metadata for the Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run the following command in the utils pod to view the metadata for the Kafka cluster.
```
